in our previous two videos we looked at
how to look at pictures from the Red
Hawk nation and how to set up a google
account in this video we'll be looking
at how to use your google account to
upload pictures into the Red Hawk nation
albums you must receive permission from
the legend keeper in order to do this
please send a message to legends at Red
Hawk nation org to get setup to submit
pictures you do not need to do this if
you're only going to submit one or two
pictures in that case just send them by
email to pics at Red Hawk nation org I
will now show you how use my account to
upload pictures into our Red Hawk albums
through picasa web albums first I went
to picasa straight from the google
homepage i logged in to my red-hot
nation account once i am here i see a
message asking me to download picasa for
the desktop this is a good idea if
you're on a pc will probably want to use
it later I now entered the legend
keepers album address and i can see the
San Onofre Beach album because I've been
authorized to view it I click mark as a
favorite which is found on the upper
right and save this this gives me easy
access back to this gallery in the
future I can click on the people tab and
click on favorites and I can always see
the legend keepers albums now I'm going
to add a picture into the San Onofre
beach album so I click on the album and
I click the upload button I select a
picture from my system and I upload that
into the album now if you're familiar
with picasa this is all going to be
familiar to you however since you're
uploading it into somebody else's album
you don't have as much control over the
pictures you upload as you would if they
upload into your own album in this case
the picture i loaded was not from san
onofre beach so i'm going to go and take
a look at it i can pull up the picture
but when i click the edit button you can
see i have much fewer choices i'll
simply delete this picture from our
album and that's all there is to it for
uploading a small number of pictures
through the picasa web interface in our
next lesson I'll demonstrate uploading a
large number of pictures through the
picasa
top application